Feature/fix drawerlayout (#59)
pxblue/react-component-library: docs/Drawer.md

| chevron                   | Whether to have chevrons for all menu items                | `boolean`          | no       |                                                            |
| collapseIcon              | Icon used to collapse drawer                               | `JSX.Element`      | no       | `expandIcon` rotated 180 degrees                           |
| divider                   | Whether to show a line between all items                   | `boolean`          | no       | true                                                       |

> | disableScrollTop          | Whether to scroll to top of the page on navigation         | `boolean`          | no       |                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| disableScrollTop          | Disable automatic scroll reset when clicking a NavItem         | `boolean`          | no       |                                                            |
```

    </>
</DrawerLayout>
```

## Limitations
The PX Blue react component library is currently is not dependent on a single Router provider.  
Because of this limitation, there are a few things additional steps that need happen for users to have an optimal routing experience.
It is recommended that when new page content loads, the window is adjusted so the top of the page is shown.
If your application supports routing that occurs outside the scope of the Drawer, the window will have to be manually adjusted.

> If you are using React-Router, the [documentation](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/scroll-restoration) references this situation and has a solution. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note on Scrolling**: When using client-side routing in your application, you may notice that the window scroll position does not reset when navigating to new routes. To address this issue, you will need to manually update the scroll position when new pages are loaded. If you are using React Router they have [several examples](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/scroll-restoration) on how to implement this in your application.
```

Author: Updated the docs to use this explanation
